chore: change prepare and process proposal to be NoOps by default (#16407)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/docs/building-apps/02-app-mempool.md

Allowing the application to handle ordering enables the application to define how
it would like the block constructed. 

> Currently, there is a `PrepareProposal` implementation provided by the application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cosmos SDK defines the `DefaultProposalHandler` type, which provides applications with
`PrepareProposal` and `ProcessProposal` handlers.
```

When this mempool is used, it assumed that an application will rely on CometBFT's transaction ordering defined in `RequestPrepareProposal`,
which is FIFO-ordered by default.

> > Note: If a NoOp mempool is used Prepare and Process both should be aware of this as Prepare could include transactions that could fail verification in process proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If a NoOp mempool is used, PrepareProposal and ProcessProposal both should be aware of this as
> PrepareProposal could include transactions that could fail verification in ProcessProposal.
```
